Love, how could you agree to him so easily?
Men don't have a good thing
Not all men are bad
It's those dog men
Okay, forget about men.
Affect mood
Let's go to the sea first
Then go to a film and television company tomorrow
Hope to negotiate a good price
How is it important for men to make money?
Great, finally it's done.
I want to divide the money
We'll go see the house
The three of us buy a community
Working hard to earn money to buy a house and make a home in bananas
We want to be a real Xiang family, hahaha.
Miss 4, I am the lawyer representing Mr. Hong
My surname is Qian
Ask for money
It must be the man from Hangjiang who owes money outside
The relevant departments found out that I came to get the certificate and asked me to return it.
Why?
I don't have money, don't look for me
Not asking you for money
I believe in money